[THEME MUSIC]
>> This week on Gaia--
on a new "Art of Letting
Go with Sah D'Simone"--
>> My darling, let me
tell you something.
Running towards happy
feelings and running away
from unhappy feelings or
unhappy experiences is not joy.
>> On "Channeling-- A
Bridge to the Beyond"--
>> It will meet you where
you're at, spiritually speaking,
and you'll understand what
you're ready to understand.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> They've seen
things on deployments,
they've been overseas and
had triangular craft or other
craft, like, following
their platoons.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>> It's quite fascinating
because he has done extensive
research, for example, on
witches and magic powers.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>> There's more to us
than a physical body.
>> On the "Awakening
Conference"--
>> There's something deeper that
brings the meaning into why we
even do all of this science
and research and so forth.
>> On "The Other Side"--
>> Mediums are sensitive and
intuitive enough to hear, feel,
and see information coming
from the other side.
>> Only on Gaia.